
## Mandatory Questions to Answer

#### 1. **What is Docker?**

   Docker is containerization tool that containerize application with its all dependencies and can be easily shipped and run consistently across different environments.

#### 2. **What is the Docker daemon, and what is its responsibility?**

   Docker daemon is the engine of docker which runs in the background and manages containers, images ,volumes , networking by listening to the Docker CLI.
   
#### 3. **What is the Docker CLI?**

   Command line interface tool to communicate with docker daemon

#### 4. **How does the Docker CLI communicate with the Docker daemon?**

   Docker daemon expose a REST API through Unix socket. Docker CLI send commands using this interface.

#### 5. **What is a Docker registry?**

   Centralized storage and distribution system for docker images.

#### 6. **Explain Docker architecture in simple terms: client, daemon, registry.**

   Docker follows a Client-Server architecture. Docker CLI send request through a REST API over Unix socket exposed by docker daemon. Docker daemon process the command and execute it . Containerd manages container lifecycle and pulling images from registry. runc will create the  containers using Linux kernel features such as namespaces and Cgroups
   
#### 7. **Why is Docker considered lightweight compared to virtual machines?**

   In virtual machines , it will have a full operating system which is heavier than container and slow for startup.
   Containers doesn't come up with a full operating system , it shares the host OS. This makes containers lightweight.

#### 8. **What parts are packaged inside a Docker image, and what parts are shared from the host OS?**

   Docker images includes application code ,dependencies, libraries ,config file and runtime .It shares the Kernel from host OS

#### 9. **Why did hello-world run and then exit?**

   It doesn't have any long running process. when the main process (PID1) of container finishes executing ,container will stop and exit

#### 10. **Why is verifying Docker setup important before starting real container tasks?**
 
 To ensure the Docker CLI, daemon, and runtime are correctly communicating so containers can run smoothly.