
### 1. What is a Docker image layer?

Docker image layers is a read-only immutable layer , created from each instruction that we provided in the Dockerfile and each layer will stacked on top of each other to form final image.
### 2. How does Docker decide whether a cached step can be reused?

Docker will create a hash value based on the instruction like , if it is a command like CMD or RUN it will create a hashed value based on the command string + previous layer state , if it is a instruction like copy or add it will create a hash value based on file contents , metadata, instruction + previous layer state , if it is not matched with previous layer it is a cache miss. Otherwise docker will use the layer from cache.
### 3. Why was the second build faster when nothing changed?

Because as we didn't change anything , the hashed value created for each layer is same and it is a cache hit . So each layer is used from the cache not rebuild again
### 4. Why did changing [app.py](http://app.py) rebuild fewer layers than changing requirements.txt?

Because app.py is the instruction after the requirements.txt instruction in Dockerfile, so only layer changed will be from app.py instruction and its subsequent layers not layers before that. 
### 5. Why does changing one step often cause later steps to rebuild too?

Because each layer is depending up on the previous layer state, so if a particular layer changes docker need to rebuild the layers after it . The layers are dependent.
### 6. Why does Docker process the Dockerfile top to bottom?

Because each layers is formed and dependent on the previous layer , so it should process from top to bottom.
### 7. Why is requirements.txt usually copied before application source files?

Because when we do docker history image , we can see that dependencies in requirements.txt is heavier than application code , so it is better to copied first and perform necessary action to install it , otherwise any change in the source will trigger to rebuild this layer again which is inefficient.
### 8. Why should frequently changing files usually be copied later in the Dockerfile?

Because when docker building the image the frequently changed files layers will be a cache miss and trigger to rebuild this layer + its subsequent layers , so if we keep it layer , any layer above which are not changed will be reused from cache and make the build faster.
### 9. What does docker history help you understand?

Docker history helps us to get the information about images layers ,  how images are stacked , how much size it have . This helps us to analyze build image procedure and a optimization opportunities.
### 10. How does Docker build cache help in CI/CD pipelines?

In a CI/CD pipeline , every pushes to main branch will trigger a build , so reusing the cache is always better because , it will fasten the build stage and deployment steps. In real world scenario , we are usually using a remote cache strategies or buildkit cache with a optimized Dockerfile like that we tried in this task.   
### 11. Why does Dockerfile instruction order matter in production?

In production as i said before trigger for build happens often , so we need to order our instruction as possible to optimize that docker can rebuild most layers from cache itself . This will fasten the build stage and deployment .
### 12. How does this task prepare the learner for later image optimization work?

I truly understand the caching mechanism in docker image layers and amazed how powerful it is . Now i can able to understand the create a better Dockerfile that fasten the build using cache.