### 1. What is Docker Compose?
Docker compose is used to to manage multiple container application , which we define service instructions in YAML file .
### 2. Why is Compose preferred over manually running multiple containers?

If we are running lot of containers , manually setting up and configure its network volume etc. is tedious work and it is error prone . So we wrote what we needed in YAML file and docker compose will do the rest. It will provide a better documentation and consistent way to manage our application.
### 3. What is a service in Docker Compose?

Service in compose file what we declaratively telling compose what type of containerized component we needed by specifying it image , volume , network etc.  
### 4. How does Compose handle networking by default?

By default docker compose will create a default network with name directory+_ default and attach all service inside that network. 
### 5. Why does `db` work as the database host for WordPress and PhpMyAdmin?

db. is the service name and docker will use a internal DNS server to resolve service to IP address, we can see the DNS name given by doing docker inspect service
### 6. What is the purpose of `depends_on`?

depends_on tell the this service is depends on a service that we specified , so creation order matters , this service will only created after creating necessary dependencies
### 7. What is the purpose of the named volume in this task?

Named volume will give a persistent storage for our mysql db service , even if the container is removed , we can use this volume to mount again and see the data we created earlier . because it is stored in host directory not in the container.
### 8. What did `docker compose logs` help you observe?

Docker compose logs shows all the output of three containers that we created.
### 9. What did `docker network inspect` reveal?

revealed that three containers are attached to this network and showed other configuration such as subnet level , name , driver etc.
### 10. What did `docker volume inspect` reveal?

docker volume inspecting metadata about the volume , such as mounting point name , driver etc.
### 11. What is the difference between `docker compose up -d` and `docker compose down`?

docker compose up -d is used to create the services that we provided in the YAML file and run all these containers in a detached mode.
docker compose down will stop these containers and remove the container , network created permanently. If we specify -v it will delete the volume also
### 12. What remains after `docker compose down`, and why?

Volume remains , because volume is to persisted , docker can't remove without our approval. Data may needed in the future cannot delete after removing the container or stopping the services.
### 13. What happens if `docker compose down -v` is used?

Volume that we created in the service will also automatically removed.
### 14. Why is this task important before learning more advanced orchestration platforms?

This helps us to form a good foundation to how multi-container systems are structured and managed. It introduces core concepts like service abstraction, networking, and declarative configuration.
### 15. How does this task reflect real multi-service application management?

Real applications consist of multiple interconnected services like databases, APIs, and frontends. This task simulates such an architecture using WordPress, MySQL, and PhpMyAdmin. It demonstrates how services depend on and communicate with each other.