

### 1. Why are Docker containers stateless by default?

Because container are created by stacking the image layers as read-only layers and above that it will have a writable layer , so all the operation such as file creation ,deletion etc. are written in this writable layer. When container is deleted the data in this layer also lost and because of that container is stateless.
### 2. What is a Docker volume?

Docker volume is used to attach a volume to a container , because of the container are stateless. There are two types of volume named and binded volume. Named volume are managed by docker , that means the path to store the data is manage by docker but in the case of binded volume , we specify the host path explicitly to store the data .
### 3. How is a Docker volume different from normal container storage?

Normal container storage are not persistent , it is written in the containers writable layer and when container removed it is also lost .
But in the case of Docker volume it is stored in the host directory so it will be persistent and can be used to attach this volume to any container .
### 4. Why does MySQL need persistent storage?

Mysql data are important , we cannot loss it on when the container removed , it should be persistent .
### 5. What does `-v mysql-data:/var/lib/mysql` mean?

We are mounting  a custom volume called Mysql-data that we created to a directory in the container where mysql stores it data.
### 6. What is the purpose of docker volume create?

To create a custom volume , which path is determined by docker itself. and we can use to attach to a container that needed persistent storage.
### 7. What is the purpose of docker volume inspect?

Docker volume inspect will give the information about volume that we created , it will have information like when we created , driver, mounted point etc.
### 8. What did docker inspect show about the MySQL container's mounts?

Its shows that a volume is attached to the container called mysql-data, which is the mounting point that means which directory in the host the data is stored and data in which directory of container is mounted to it, also the driver information .
### 9. Why did the data survive after the first container was deleted?

Because we attached a docker volume to the container , and the data we mounted will be stored outside the container that is in the host directory . So the data can be used later.
### 10. What is the difference between deleting a container and deleting a volume?

Deleting a container means , we are removing the container instance , removing the writable layer ,deleting metadata of the container . It is different from the volume
When we delete volume we are actually deleting a persistent data which is stored in the host directory.
### 11. Why is it dangerous to run databases in containers without persistent storage?

Databases need persistent storage system . Container are ephemeral in nature and it is stateless . When the container removed we will lost all the data inside the container , because it is written only in the container writable layer . To run a databases we need persistent storage , we can use docker volume , it is stored outside the container . It is in the host directory not in the container
### 12. Why was it helpful to use docker exec in this task?

If we want to run mysql commands , we need to enter into containers shell because mysql server is running inside the container and there is no external access to it
### 13. What did docker stats and docker top show you?

Docker stats shows the resource usage like CPU , memory , i/o .Docker top show the running process inside the container which is mysqld
### 14. How does this task prepare the learner for Docker Compose and Kubernetes storage later?

This task teach us how to separate data from the container using volumes . So in Kubernetes and multiple container running time , which container are ephemeral , this concepts helps me how we can persist our data. 

### 15. What would happen if the volume was removed after the task?

Data will be removed permanently and we cannot use it.